Update infra agent troubleshooting (#10779)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/logs/forward-logs/forward-your-logs-using-infrastructure-agent.mdx

<Callout variant="important">
  Trace logging generates a lot of data very quickly. When finished generating logs, be sure to set `level: info` (or lower) to reduce disk space consumption and data ingest when forwarding logs to New Relic.
</Callout>
    
    To forward the infrastructure agent logs to New Relic:

    1. Edit your `newrelic-infra.yml` file.

    2. Enable logs forwarding to New Relic by adding the following config snippet

       ```
       log:
         level: trace # Recommended: Helps with troubleshooting
         forward: true # Enables sending logs to New Relic
         format: json # Recommended: Enable agent logging in JSON format
         stdout: false # On Windows and systems that don't use `systemd` or where `journald` is inaccessible

       ```

    3. [Restart the agent](/docs/infrastructure/new-relic-infrastructure/configuration/start-stop-restart-check-infrastructure-agent-status) to load the new settings.

       This configuration sets up the agent in troubleshooting mode, but the log forwarder (based on [Fluent Bit](https://fluentbit.io/)) will continue in a non-verbose mode.

>     4. Sometimes you can have issues with the log forwarder itself. For example, there may be problems accessing a specific channel when shipping Windows log events or when accessing a particular log file. In these situations, you can also enable the verbose mode for the log forwarder:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    4. Sometimes you can have issues with the log forwarder itself (Fluent Bit). For example, there may be problems accessing a specific channel when shipping Windows log events or when accessing a particular log file. In these situations, you can also **enable the verbose mode for the log forwarder**:
```

       ```
       log:
         level: trace 
         forward: true # Enables sending logs to New Relic
         format: json # Recommended: Enable agent logging in JSON format
         stdout: false # On Windows and systems that don't use `systemd` or where `journald` is inaccessible
         include_filters:
           traces:

>              - supervisor # Required to see logs from the fluentbit itself

Reviewer: ```suggestion
             - supervisor # Required to see verbose logs from Fluent Bit
```
